Add print the bad sst files and related information for tikv-ctl (#6109)
pingcap/docs: tikv-control.md

> **Note**
>
> The command will expose data encryption keys as plaintext. In production, DO NOT redirect the output to a file. Even deleting the output file afterward may not cleanly wipe out the content from disk.

> ### Print the bad sst files and related information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Print information related to damaged SST files
```

> Sometimes the TiKV process will panic because some sst files are damaged. You can use the `bad-ssts` command to print information about bad sst files. Before running this command, stop the running TiKV instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Damaged SST files in TiKV might cause the TiKV process to panic . To clean up the damaged SST files, you will need the information of these files. To get the information, you can execute the `bad-ssts` command in TiKV Control. The needed information is shown in the output of this command. The following is an example command and output.

> **Note:**
>
>Before running this command, stop the running TiKV instance. 
```

```bash
$ tikv-ctl bad-ssts --db </path/to/tikv/db> --pd <endpoint>

> --------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: Please separate the command from the output.

Author: I refer to other bash output above, what does `separate` mean?

Reviewer: The best practice is to write like this. So that users can easily copy the command without the output. Because this document does not follow this practice, let's ignore this for now. We'll improve this doc later.

```
$ tikv-ctl bad-ssts --db </path/to/tikv/db> --pd <endpoint>
```

```
corruption info:
data/tikv-21107/db/000014.sst: Corruption: Bad table magic number: expected 9863518390377041911, found 759105309091689679 in data/tikv-21107/db/000014.sst
sst meta:
14:552997[1 .. 5520]['0101' seq:1, type:1 .. '7A7480000000000000FF0F5F728000000000FF0002160000000000FAFA13AB33020BFFFA' seq:2032, type:1] at level 0 for Column family "default"  (ID 0)
it isn't easy to handle local data, start key:0101
overlap region:
RegionInfo { region: id: 4 end_key: 7480000000000000FF0500000000000000F8 region_epoch { conf_ver: 1 version: 2 } peers { id: 5 store_id: 1 }, leader: Some(id: 5 store_id: 1) }
suggested operations:
tikv-ctl ldb --db=data/tikv-21107/db unsafe_remove_sst_file "data/tikv-21107/db/000014.sst"
tikv-ctl --db=data/tikv-21107/db tombstone -r 4 --pd <endpoint>
--------------------------------------------------------
corruption analysis has completed
```

Author: got it, btw, "--------------------------------------------------------" is also a part of output

corruption info:
data/tikv-21107/db/000014.sst: Corruption: Bad table magic number: expected 9863518390377041911, found 759105309091689679 in data/tikv-21107/db/000014.sst

sst meta:
14:552997[1 .. 5520]['0101' seq:1, type:1 .. '7A7480000000000000FF0F5F728000000000FF0002160000000000FAFA13AB33020BFFFA' seq:2032, type:1] at level 0 for Column family "default"  (ID 0)
it isn't easy to handle local data, start key:0101

overlap region:
RegionInfo { region: id: 4 end_key: 7480000000000000FF0500000000000000F8 region_epoch { conf_ver: 1 version: 2 } peers { id: 5 store_id: 1 }, leader: Some(id: 5 store_id: 1) }

suggested operations:
tikv-ctl ldb --db=data/tikv-21107/db unsafe_remove_sst_file "data/tikv-21107/db/000014.sst"
tikv-ctl --db=data/tikv-21107/db tombstone -r 4 --pd <endpoint>
--------------------------------------------------------
corruption analysis has completed
```

> The above output is an example. The command print corruption sst information first, and then print related meta information. Take the above output as an example: 14 means sst number, 552997 means file size, followed by the smallest and largest seqno and other meta information. This command will also try to get the region involved through PD server. Finally, you can clean up the bad ssts according to the suggested operations and restart the TiKV instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the output above, you can see that the information of the damaged SST file is printed first and then the related meta-information is printed.

+ In the `sst meta` part, `14` means the SST file number; `552997` means the file size, followed by the smallest and largest sequence numbers and other meta-information.
+ The `overlap region` part shows the information of the Region involved. This information is obtained through the PD server.
+ The `suggested operations` part provides you suggestion to clean up the damaged SST file. You can take the suggestion to clean up files and restart the TiKV instance.
```

> **Note**
>
> The command will expose data encryption keys as plaintext. In production, DO NOT redirect the output to a file. Even deleting the output file afterward may not cleanly wipe out the content from disk.

### Print information related to damaged SST files

Damaged SST files in TiKV might cause the TiKV process to panic. To clean up the damaged SST files, you will need the information of these files. To get the information, you can execute the `bad-ssts` command in TiKV Control. The needed information is shown in the output. The following is an example command and output.

> 

Reviewer: The missing note is added in https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/6129.
